good afternoon youtube and welcome to a
Valentine's tutorial unfortunately this
year yours truly does not have a
Valentine's I had one last year don't
have one this year bit of a shame bit
upsetting we won't go there shall we so
I really hope you kind of get like
Valentine's inspiration for this I've
used a lot of pinks well I haven't used
a lot I've used one actually but I think
it's really subtle and quite pretty for
the blush highlight and contour I didn't
actually do it in this video because I'm
testing out a theory on how I can make
my videos a bit more condensed and a bit
more information friendly I guess you
could call it so for the highlight
contour and blush i have used intrigued
by illamasqua as my highlight and that
looks like that and that's just a powder
blusher intrigued and for the blush i
have used katie which is what i usually
use to be honest that's that and looks
like this and for the contour i have
used my absolute favorite contour which
is powder eyeshadow in heroin by
illamasqua it's quite old now but I know
a lot of people have trouble trying to
find us on the web site so I'm going to
actually questioned my good friend
illamasqua to see what about what's
going on with that or what I can
recommend instead that's actually a
blusher so yes I am hosting this only a
few days before Valentine's I know I
should have done it a bit earlier but I
hope that it helps you nonetheless so I
hope you enjoyed the tutorial and I will
see you all soon so firstly I've primed
my eye and I'm going to use intrigue
powder blusher all over the eyelid to
create a really matte white opaque color
so I want to use it all over the eyelid
as well as all the way up to the eyebrow
all the way to the tear duct just
everywhere on the I basically I want to
sort of blend it out like that on the
outside anyway
all the way to the front of the eyebrow
as well until you have something really
opaque and white like this now I'm going
to take Ella massacres feline I shadow
which is this color it's just like a
light powder baby powder e gray color
like that and I'm going to take that on
a brush like this and just create this
sort of like winged cut crease effect
almost so I'm going to take it and apply
it on the outer edge of the eye or the
eyelid rather like so pull it up
slightly and blend it round right the
way around the socket all the way to the
tear duct here and then you just keep
blending that until it fades nicely into
the white you can use a bigger blending
brush if you want to create the gradient
you need I think that's just about done
for me I'm going to add a little bit
more I think actually to this part of
the I little circular motions now I
flathead brush like this I'm just going
to take dolly pop by sugarpill which is
this pink here and just apply it really
close to the upper lash line like so
I just wanted to be like a fun pink
little flash all the way through the
color through the color through the
eyeshadow like that see like on the
other side and also wing it out slightly
now it's time for a black eyeliner
across the top of the lid so I'm just
going to use my cream eyeliner in black
by elf I'm just going to create this
little wing like this so I'm going to
draw from the tear duct first try not to
cover up too much of the pink so I still
want that pink there now I want this
wing to be kind of small so what I'm
going to do is just pull it out a tiny
away trying to keep it as symmetric as
this side as possible because it doesn't
really go up it goes just like a cross
so paying attention to that
just going to map it out well not map it
out draw it on in fact and the trick
that I really do with eyeliner is to
draw it smaller than you need and make
it bigger as opposed to like drawing on
really big in one go because if you make
a mistake it's so much harder to make
something bigger smaller than it is to
make something smaller bigger that makes
sense well in terms of eyeliner it is
anyway and also I want to line the
waterline with the same product so just
put it straight across and as you can
see the pink has kind of been covered up
by the black a little too much so I'm
just going to go back in and add more
dolly pop with my flat head brush like
this just above the eye liner itself it
doesn't matter if it kind of gets onto
it a little bit because we can just
retouch that up so I'm just gently
pressing it on
like so
I'm going to blend that pink line out a
little bit as well and just give the
black liner a quick run over as well
again just to make sure it is jet black
now it's time to add mascara sore I will
be back after that so this is the look
with mascara on I've added it to the
bottom lashes as well and what I'm going
to do is just add these false lashes to
the edge of the top lashes there and
I'll be back once that's done so this is
with the lashes on I think it's very
pretty and quite subtle actually and I'm
also just going to take a tiny bit of
intrigue again just to the corner of the
eye here to brighten it up a little bit
like so you pull it up and finish off
the look i have used centrifuge sure by
lime crime on the lips i really hope you
enjoyed this look and stay tuned for
more and i hope you have a great
Valentine's